:truck: update: Add 125th CatchUp summary (#149)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/125/content.adoc

Date: 01-04-2023

Duration: 04 hrs 23 mins

==== Topics Discussed

* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] gave a brief of this week's tech news.
    ** link:https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/mvas-apps/apple-wins-appeal-against-uks-decision-to-investigate-its-mobile-browser/99159663[Apple wins appeal against UK's decision to investigate its mobile browser^]
    ** link:https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/github-private-rsa-ssh-key-mistakenly-exposed-public-repository[GitHub's Private RSA SSH Key Mistakenly Exposed in Public Repository^] and it's security implications.
    ** Twitter open-sourced it's algorithm on GitHub at link:https://github.com/twitter/the-algorithm[twitter/the-algorithm^]
* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] and link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^] shared a few funny PR's from link:https://github.com/twitter/the-algorithm[twitter/the-algorithm^] repository.
    ** A PR which removed link:https://github.com/twitter/the-algorithm/issues/236[author_is_elon^] which priorities Elon Musk's tweets.
    ** link:https://github.com/twitter/the-algorithm/pull/774[Humra change merge karo!^]

> * link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^], and link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] cleared our confusion between what link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_numbering[Most Significant Bit and Least Significant^], link:https://stackoverflow.com/a/19063231/13268307[Higher Order Bit and Lower Order Bit^], and link:https://www.section.io/engineering-education/what-is-little-endian-and-big-endian/[Little Endian and Big Endian^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^], and link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] cleared our confusion between what link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_numbering[Most Significant Bit and Least Significant^], link:https://stackoverflow.com/a/19063231/13268307[Higher Order Bit and Lower Order Bit^], and link:https://www.section.io/engineering-education/what-is-little-endian-and-big-endian/[Little Endian and Big Endian^].
```
```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^], and link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] cleared our confusion between link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_numbering[Most Significant Bit and Least Significant Bit^], link:https://stackoverflow.com/a/19063231/13268307[Higher Order Bit and Lower Order Bit^], and link:https://www.section.io/engineering-education/what-is-little-endian-and-big-endian/[Little Endian and Big Endian^] is.
```

* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] shared link:https://youtu.be/iCI3B5eT9NA[Paul Horowitz's Interview^] who is the author of link:https://www.amazon.in/Art-Electronics-Paul-Horowitz/dp/0521809266[The Art of Electronics^] which is a considered as the bible for people working with electronics.

> * link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^] shared slides of link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eRUOqLul90ipgj-Uku-pswtSrwdZHXj9QAin-NNQKMc/edit#slide=id.g4a66e23a62_2_343[best practices for making figures].

Author: best practices guideline? Seems a bit off to me

> * link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] talked about link:http://wasmio.tech/[WASM IO 2023].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] talked about link:http://wasmio.tech[WASM IO 2023^].
```

>     ** How it is a new upcoming field and so many companies are building tools around it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** How is it a new upcoming field and so many companies are building tools around it?
```

Author: It an upcoming field... I don't know how to give context to that...

Author: Maybe I phrased is wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
    ** It is a new field, and many companies are building tools around it.
```

>     ** Garbage collector in WASM is near and already available for beta users of Chrome users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Garbage collector in WASM is near and already available for beta Chrome users.
```

Reviewer: WASM is near .... (launch date?)

Author: There is no launch date... Maybe Google will push a stable version this IO

> * link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] shared about a new kind of cab booking service link:https://nammayatri.in/[Namma Yatri^] which is based on link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Network_for_Digital_Commerce[ONDC's Beckn Protocol^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] shared a new kind of cab booking service link:https://nammayatri.in[Namma Yatri^] which is based on link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Network_for_Digital_Commerce[ONDC's Beckn Protocol^].
```

==== Project Showcased

> * link:https://twitter.com/___LUNAGOK___[Kalpesh Jangir^] showcased link:https://github.com/LUNAGOK23/Attend-Assist[Attendance Assist] which is an app that allows user to mark their attendance with a to-do list feature for assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/___LUNAGOK___[Kalpesh Jangir^] showcased _Attendance Assist_, an app allowing users to mark their attendance with a to-do list feature for assignments.
       ** link:https://github.com/LUNAGOK23/Attend-Assist[GitHub Repository^]
```

* link:https://twitter.com/JiaHarisinghani[Jia Harisinghani^] showcased an HTML website where she is trying to learn Web Dev basics.

> * link:https://twitter.com/furtado_jaden[Jaden Furtado^] showcased his final year project, which is building a tool that checks for security vulnerabilities in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/furtado_jaden[Jaden Furtado^] showcased his final year project which is a tool that checks for security vulnerabilities in code.
```

Author: Did that during the catchup itself

>     ** He has also built it in a way where someone can deploy it to their CI/CD pipeline and get a vulnerability report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** He built it in a way such that someone can deploy it to their CI/CD pipeline and get a vulnerability report.
```
